Oh
you
i think i think it's a it's a good run
but like i said before everybody in that
locker room knows with what they can do
and we really have confidence in each
other and as long as we keep playing our
game keep playing as a team while
everything before i think that's that's
special about this team it says a lot we
talked about the mental toughness that
you guys showed Saturday down 15 seconds
to go for seconds to go we just talked
about how you don't give up where does
that come from that mental toughness oh
well I think it comes coach Dixon
definitely comes from our coaches and he
was saying just don't don't give up
that's what he was saying in the huddle
and we did we kept going at it kept
playing defense and carried on saw
offense grab me a couple of big shots
and we win again I was definitely been a
lot of support that's the great thing
about about Pittsburgh and general the
fan support his uncle even go out here
and especially the oakland zoo so it's
been very fun especially as a player
some people just showing you a lot of
love so it's been great and just i had a
support system survive it's been all any
more enjoyable having the successful run
to catch a date you know there's always
a tension so I mean we're sold out we
were sold out every game this year and
there's talk and maybe the talk was that
we weren't going to be as good I mean
but you know I'm not in this for
satisfaction I guess our enjoyment I
guess
he's gonna do it because you know thing
I know what to do so I'm not looking for
any enjoyment I'm looking for these guys
to improve graduate and and to get
better as players get better as
academically and to make their parents
ground and the families proud so from
here
all right these founding mothers are
best friends in America no I think I the
best student section to know is when the
toughest places yet that you can play
playing you know the zoo gets real rowdy
you know probably gets loud and those
hard four other teams are here to play
cause everything so it's like for you
when you hear your name each antibody
positive
the motivation email browser and play
from secretaries has been busy and then
a friend about the indicator
you